I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
The one thing I am confident of, from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and re-capitulate disease.
But one thing I am confident of, from everything I've read, is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells.
It's a 200-year myth.
It's a 200-year multi-generational indoctrination that vaccines are safe, effective, necessary, and harmless.
And every one of those statements I just made are lies.
Vaccines are not safe.
Not one vaccine has ever been proven to be safe because they don't use true placebos, number one, and they don't follow them long enough to see
All they're looking for is, did it make you die?
And if you didn't die, they call it safe.
They never talk about asthma, allergies, eczema, ADD, ADHD, the longest neurological problems, the autoimmune diseases that take a long time to develop.
None of that is followed.
Because if it's more than 72 hours later that you develop a side effect, it says, well, that has nothing to do with obesity, which is an arbitrary line that was drawn in the sand in the early 1990s by the FDA.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking.
Secretary Kennedy and Marty and Jay are operating in a very complicated political landscape and they just don't have the latitude to act unilaterally.
Secretary Kennedy and Marty and Jay are operating in a very complicated political landscape and they just don't have
And then there are people who have inspired a lot of thought for me, people like JJ Cui, regarded by a few people, by some people, as sort of this kind of
savant or idiot or something, that his ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learnt, and in many ways they are, but that's throwing baby after bath water.
I mean the best thinkers in the world all fall through and suffer through the consequences of ten bad ideas for every good one, you know, the best creative thinkers.
And so if you're going to jump on every one of the ideas that a person comes up with that you don't disagree with, that you don't agree with, and use that as tar to smear the person, I think that's just, you're never going to get ahead in the world yourself.
You won't find the muses, the creative inspiration.
So I certainly think that JJ Cooley's overall take is very good.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Good morning, everybody.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by someone with a rather damaged and sore throat.
I'm not really sure what's going on, so I'm going to try and take it easy on my voice today.
I will turn up the volume just a little bit, which may be annoying, but that's what we got to do.
Thank you for your concern via email.
I'm not really sure what's going on.
Maybe I got stuff growing in there again.
I don't know.
Oh, it's hot in here.
There's not a lot I can do about it.
If that's what's happening, that's what's happening.
The message is basically available.
If I have to go offline right now and you're left with downloading the videos that I've made and posted to PeerTube, which are all available for download,
I don't know how bad off we would be.
I don't know how much farther the messaging really needs to go.
You could get all the clips and all the clever statements and all the 1, 2, 3 elevator pitches you wanted out of the last year and a half of videos which are available on PeerTube.
So as much as it's annoying for me that my voice hurts and my throat hurts and
feels like stuff is getting in the way.
I don't know what to tell you.
I already knew that I was giving everything, so if losing my voice or my throat or whatever is part of this game, that's just the way it is.
I don't have any qualms about this.
I'm staying focused on the biology.
57 years old bladder cancer.
I think for a lot of us, we keep hearing this same refrain and it's getting a little alarming.
Are we just hearing more about it or is it actually happening more frequently?
Well, you know, I'm broadcasting from Dallas and here in Dallas, we love Dion Sanders, former Dallas Cowboy.
Absolutely.
You know, two way player played baseball.
Incredible sports figure.
Please.
Thank you, Tony, so much for telling me that the PeerTube app works as well for you as it does for me.
I too am so pleasantly surprised at the functionality of it.
Maybe at the end of the show, I'll show you how to upload it again and how to find our website or how to put the stream.gigaohm.bio in there.
But I'm so happy you put that in the chat.
Thank you very much.
That made my day.
Well, father and family man, he's been wrapped with COVID-19 vaccine complications from the very beginning.
You had a family history of peripheral tear disease.
He previously had turf toe when he played, and so he had altered anatomy of his foot.
He developed COVID-19 vaccine blood clots, arterial and venous, and several years ago, after he was pushing the vaccine hard,
We know he took multiple doses.
He nearly lost his leg.
He had multiple surgeries.
He made a docuseries on this.
It's been absolutely tragic.
He didn't put two and two together that the vaccines had promoted his lower extremity blood clot syndrome.
And now we hear.
So it's interesting, right?
He lives in Dallas.
He's a very famous American.
Um, and he somehow couldn't get in touch with, with Deon Sanders after he heard that Deon Sanders had clots and lost his toes.
It's, it's bizarre.
It's bizarre.
Um, but we know that this is a scripted fraud.
Um, we know that this guy is on Robert Malone's script.
Um, early in the pandemic he did,
a lot of work with Robert Malone and Ryan Cole, some of which was on Zoom meetings, some of which was touring around, and then split off into The Wellness Company.
My assumption is that that's all one kind of malevolent show because, you know, it's kind of hard to share all these details because there's just so many of them, they're so interwoven, but
the inaugural CHD conference, which sounds kind of odd, but they'd never had a conference until 2022 in Knoxville, Tennessee.
And I attended as staff member of the writing team at the time, not working for CHD, but working for Bobby Kennedy, even though I now understand it in retrospect as always having worked for the publishing part of CHD.
So essentially it's the same, it's all the same paycheck.
It was just a question of whether they were paying me as an employee or as a consultant.
And so, the important thing to understand here is that CHD and their whole operation wasn't something that spontaneously occurred.
It seems in retrospect that CHD was an environmental organization called the World Mercury
something or other world mercury project and it was a pet project of robert f kennedy jr as an environmentalist and in 2018 he was persuaded and we can use that word very loosely here to also maybe describe a edit to his previous script given to him by his handlers now it's important to understand that one thing that happened during
the campaign for president, which I found to be quite dishonest.
And in fact, this dishonesty went on after Trump was elected.
And it was a really bad sign for me at that time when I still was clinging to some thread of hope that maybe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
just needed to hear it right and then he would finally do the right thing or something like that.
And the thing that bothers me really is
is this.
It was a very disingenuous moment in the movement to become president.
There were a number of very, very disingenuous moments.
The complete
ignoring of the opioid pandemic, the way that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
stepped away from CHD, along with Mary Holland, and the Tony Lyons guy from Skyhorse.
So it's a really weird, you know, and then Dell joined them, and so it's a really weird group of people that went from, you know, anti-vax, fighting for the health of children, to running for president.
That's one really big red flag.
Another really big red flag was the way that this whole CHD conference actually took place in the end, because there were so many people that showed up at the inaugural CHD conference in one place, following me around, trying to sit at my table, and the list is almost too extraordinary to mention, and includes people like Whitney Webb,
I have signed copies of her books as a result of meeting her at the inaugural CHD conference.
I met Matt Crawford there, the first and only time I met his wife.
I met Ryan Cole there.
I met Jill Glasspool Malone and Robert Malone.
I did not meet him.
He was not there.
I met Pierre Corey.
I met Paul Merrick.
really interesting and I of course I met Charles Rixey at the inaugural CHD conference and that was the second time in 2022 that I had met Charles Rixey in person he actually came to my house in January of the same year and it was the supposedly the stream that I did with Charles Rixey in January of 2022 that Robert Malone told
Senator Ron Johnson and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
to watch in April, which spurred them to call me in April and ask for my help.
And so now, you know, it's, it's pretty incredible that in 2022, we really had this, the murder was still happening until the end of 2022.
And it was only our 2021 and the beginning of 2022 is only after the murder stopped that these people suddenly decided to call me.
If you look at the numbers, it's really quite extraordinary.
And so this inaugural CHD conference was really, really something to remember from the perspective of looking back and trying to think what was going on.
Because at that conference, I was told by Matt Crawford and by, uh, um,
Ryan Cole and by Robert Malone that the, that the wellness company might be bad guys.
And that, that means that Peter McCullough might be a bad guy.
And so this theater has gone on a very long time and it is because of that one little incident, that one little group theater where Matt Crawford and Robert Malone and Ryan Cole pretended to be meeting
you know, over by the windows in the comfy chairs and reported to be meeting to discuss the wellness company and the potential implications for whether or not they should continue to cooperate with Peter McCullough.
And what I didn't understand at the time was that theater was designed to make me think they were good guys looking at people very critically.
At that same conference, Rixey told me that it's really funny that Robert Malone couldn't remember you because he remembered me and he invited me to his farm.
And he told me that three times in two days.
Like I didn't remember it.
Even though according to his friend McCairn and himself, who streamed together for a year after that conference,
that I'm somehow damaged by my marijuana use.
But it's these people who repeat things over and over and can't seem to remember anything, so they never make any progress on any idea or any concept, even over decades.
And so here we have somebody who's talking about a real tragic story of a potential
Celebrity that could be woken up to the truth and you wouldn't even have to slap him in the face with it because there are other Celebrities and sportsmen that that you could slap him in the face with like Kyrie Irving And there are several others that have experienced problems as a result of taking Moderna or Pfizer and this is a open door
to break the illusion, and he doesn't really seem to be too excited about it, even though we really love the Deion Sanders who does two sports and stuff.
That he has severe invasive bladder cancer requiring a total replacement of the bladder.
It's essentially unheard of.
I've never seen that in my clinical practice in a man in his 50s.
This is a very, very serious surgery.
You have to take part of the colon, refashion a bladder, connect the ureters, the urethra.
This is a big deal.
It's actually a modern surgical miracle that he's had complete extirpation of the bladder.
But we have to ask the question, why?
And until oncologists and surgeons and the victims themselves, until they ask the question, could the COVID-19 vaccine be related to what we call a turbo cancer, that is a very aggressive cancer, we're not going to get a level set on reality.
There are now thousands of papers pointing to the fact that the new genetic messenger RNA vaccines could promote cancer.
Now there is a problem, sorry I didn't mean to do that, there is a problem with this and I want to point it out quick because of course the underlying narrative here which ties back to the traitor, scripted traitor from the Human Genome Project named Kevin McKernan,
who is running around the internet telling everybody that there's DNA plasmids that contain a specific sequence, which is called SV40.
And this SV40 promoter is what's going to be molecularly blamed as a mechanism behind these turbo cancers.
Even though Dr. Peter McCullough doesn't drop that, that is absolutely for certain, 100% the script that he is on.
And if he was pressed by that interviewer by an unexpected question about it, that is precisely the answer he would give.
Now make no mistake about it.
I really do believe that Peter McCullough is a scripted bullshitter.
I do not think he can be characterized as being unwitting anymore.
Um, he might not want to know all the details.
He might not have asked any questions cause he doesn't want to know all the details, but he definitely knows where the third rails of the narrative are.
He will never say what he said about three years ago, one time on an obscure podcast, that if he was challenged to do it again, he wouldn't do any of the vaccines.
He'll never say that.
Don't worry, he won't.
I don't know why that advanced.
Oh yeah, it's time for the intro.
That's right, cool.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
All right, let's get this started, okay?
We got a lot of work to do today.
I'm just going to push it and see how far I can go with it.
If I have to stop talking, I will.
I'm really excited today because I think they're starting to make mistakes.
I think they're starting to really make mistakes and I think there's an opportunity here to show our kids
and to show everyone on earth and expose them for what they are, these frauds.
And I think we can do it on a mass scale if we can share the messages that we're putting down.
Rule by podcast definitely continues.
That's for sure.
And it is something that we can stop because we can show them that these people are frauds on Robert Malone's really dumb script.
That's really the most magnificent thing about it.
They're so trusting in the script they got from Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan that they go forward knowing that it won for the last four years, assuming that it will win for four more years.
It is absolutely remarkable.
There's no other way to describe Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
other than being a
a person who has trusted a script for a very long time.
And these other two characters, boy, I don't even know what to say.
I don't have anything nice to say, so my grandma would say I shouldn't say anything.
These actors were put in place to curate a narrative to make sure any damage from transfection could be blamed effectively on the novel virus.
These people were scripted by Robert Malone, Kevin McKernan, and other employees of the U.S.
government.
The ghost of health freedom is part of the way you're being managed and being governed on social media.
And they maintain the illusion of consensus by sticking to the provided script.
And so if you stay focused on the biology, don't take their bait, and love your neighbor, you might be able to see through the Scooby-Doo mystery.
But we are still, still being fooled by the mystery, the ghost of health freedom.
The ghost of health freedom is really
is living on.
The real ghosts of health freedom are Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn, both dead in 2020, probably murdered in order that these people might get on with the show, in order that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
might make a run for the White House.
I shit you not.
That's really what we are on here.
There is a fake health freedom movement because intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
There is a fake health freedom movement in America because
Autism Spectrum Disorder is a mythology because pandemics and gain of function are mythologies.
And the failure that is Children's Health Defense and ICANN can be clearly seen in the fact that they, in all their work and millions of dollars and high salaries and potentially hundreds of employees, they've never managed to score these touchdowns.
They've just never managed to do it.
And that reveals almost all of their long-term employees as being scripted traitors.
They at some point had to know that they were not playing the right game, that they were taking a big salary from an organization that wasn't going to win.
And I think that all of these people deserve to suffer for the rest of their lives the kind of public scorn
that traitors and frauds deserve.
I mean, I really do.
And right now, I think there are some in our chat.
I mean, it's almost certain that even in the chat of this show, there are people who essentially played along with the fake health freedom movement, even long after they knew
that the fake health freedom movement was fake.
And these people, they deserve rotten vegetables for the rest of their lives.
I believe that wholeheartedly.
Because once you're sticking to the provided script that, you know, you just say it really stupid simple, like vaccines cause autism, you deserve to be slapped upside your head for the rest of your life every time you show your face in public.
I really do believe that.
I don't think any of the people that I met at CHD at this point can excuse themselves.
And it doesn't even matter if they have sick kids.
I'll say it very, very plainly.
If you have sick kids, then you should even be more ashamed of yourself because you know what you were trying to stop.
But you can tell if someone's lying.
You definitely can.
You can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
It is definitely important not to be a liar and you need to understand that all of these organizations are headed by, run by, or coordinated by people who are lying.
They are on a provided script.
And there is no exception.
Not one of these organizations, I can name the names because I've shaken their hand.
And that includes the NCI, the National Citizens Inquiry in Canada.
That includes the World Council for Health.
Of course, that includes CHD.
Of course, that includes ICANN, but it also includes PANDA and Nick Hudson.
and Jonathan Engler, who's also of Heart, where Claire Craig, the genome collector, has founded an organization, coordinated by and scripted by Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan.
Their connections are very easy to see, because you can look across time to see them cooperating.
These people probably deserve jail, but they definitely deserve, like, life pain.
People like Brett Weinstein deserve really the worst that karma has to offer.
They are not serious people.
They were people that were offered an opportunity to lie and get ahead, and they took that opportunity to lie and get ahead.
And I'm not pulling punches anymore.
That's what they do.
They lie about why people die in order to get ahead, in order to get paid, in order to be a part of our governance.
because we are being ruled by podcast in America and they would like to rule the rest of the world by podcast if they're dumb enough.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Intramuscular injection as medicine is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Autism, spectrum disorder, and pandemics and gain of function are all mythologies used to disguise that.
No one you know, no one you know has gotten as far as me to be in a picture with
with Suzanne Humphries and Paul Thomas and James Lyons-Weiler and Polly Tommy and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Brian Hooker.
Nobody has gotten this far.
And the only reason why you don't know how far I got is because all of these people in the picture are maintaining the illusion of consensus and sticking to the provided script.
At least two of people in this picture could be actively speaking out.
Laura Bono could be writing editorials.
Jackie Haynes could be writing editorials and telling the truth about their time at CHD and why they don't believe in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and the movement anymore.
Why they think they were bamboozled, but they're not.
I know it's a very rough pill to swallow, ladies and gentlemen, that this was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality.
They saw it coming for more than two decades.
And because it was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, they told lots of stories about pandemics and about public health.
And those pandemic stories started around 2002, continued into 2003 and four, and then doubled down again in 2012.
And yes, I'm talking about SARS and then MERS.
And we got to 2020 and you can see the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality coming and blossoming at the top of the population pyramid.
And here we are in 2025.
And lo and behold, that flower still needs to blossom.
Yes, the spontaneous growth rate or the spontaneous birth rate might be decreasing, but you see it.
You saw what happened here.
And they knew it was going to happen.
And they orchestrated this theater around it.
Now, what's important to understand is that none of these people have taken the time to assemble a list to describe the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality and how it was sculpted by manslaughter and lies.
Only Mark Kulak
and Jonathan Cooley of GigaOM Biological have bothered to put together a list like this, never mind showing you how the math of life expectancy in America, for example, is an equation that only really needs one variable, opioid deaths.
The loss of control of
pneumonia during the pandemic, depicted here in the bright red, only needs the lack of antibiotic use to be explained.
And so almost all of the signal that was construed as a pandemic can be described by two simple variables that absolutely positively everyone
from Denny Rancor all the way to Robert F. Kennedy Jr., from Charles the shithead, Sewell's shoe salesman, Rixey, all the way to the grocery store clerk, Alex Zeck.
They just don't know.
They can't figure it out.
Instead, they're stuck on so many other hamster wheels that get no justice for the murdered.
Don't even acknowledge them.
It's impossible.
Several studies have found that Americans are drinking far more than they did in previous years.
One substance abuse doctor calls it an epidemic in a pandemic, and women in particular are consuming more alcohol.
News 8's Abby Alford looks into why it's happening and what women can do to seek help.
It's funny, but it's not, because actually this is the kind of thing that was necessary in order to manage the population pyramid.
You don't need to go out and kill people.
You just need to turn knobs that will increase the all-cause mortality in America.
turning knobs like, you know, there's a virus that, that antibiotics would be inappropriate for is a pretty good knob to turn, but you can also turn the knob of alcoholism and drug abuse through a combination of lockdown and social media posting.
And, and of course the, the opioid orchestrated crisis of the CDC that preceded the pandemic by about two years.
This was orchestrated, and they talked about it, kind of.
They talked about it, sort of.
They told you some of the stuff they were doing, but the really big adjustments.
Those were completely missed.
Apparently everybody from Robert Malone to Kevin McKernan to Peter McCullough to Jessica Rose couldn't figure out how life expectancy could be so drastically adjusted using the opioid crisis alone.
How drastically deaths in hospitals to pneumonia would go up if you just told people that if it's COVID you can't use antibiotics.
But that's what they did.
And so these stories were around.
Dr. Brian Cooley says that women often ignore addiction because there's this stigma that you're weak.
This guy's Dr. Brian Cooley.
That dude apparently is Dr. Brian Cooey.
They even spell it C-O-U-E-Y.
It's really kind of funny.
This is from 2021.
So alcoholism went crazy during the pandemic.
You're not going to escape until you understand the trap you're in.
Social media allows government agents and private interests to put coordinated liars in front of you on podcasts and on disparate podcasts, on opposing podcasts, and get you to believe in one side of a narrative or another.
And you don't have to see it as simple as blue and red because some of them are shared by both sides.
I'm just gonna give you kind of a rudimentary example of what I mean.
This is the red narrative in America right now.
Vaccines can hurt people, but it's not even super rare.
Viruses can cause pandemics that ruin sequential years of high school or college, and governments can release them by accident or on purpose.
This is the red side.
The government is dysfunctional, mostly because things that shouldn't be partisan are often made to be, i.e.
science stuff.
The world is run by the smartest people who are also the richest people, some of whom, like politicians, are controlled by blackmail with young girls on islands.
Humans are currently destroying the planet, but global warming is not real.
Potentially hundreds of thousands have been killed in the Middle East geographic region known as the Gaza Strip.
We are obligated to help everyone on earth, but let's start local.
China and Russia, they are enemies and Iran can't have stuff.
And the Trump administration is going to start saving America very soon.
So this is the conservative narrative that Steve Bannon is selling, that Alex Jones is selling, that Mary Talley Bowden is selling, that Robert Malone is selling on Substack and elsewhere.
Here's the blue narrative.
Vaccines can hurt people, but it's super rare.
Viruses can cause pandemics that can ruin sequential years of high school or college.
Government is dysfunctional mostly because things that shouldn't be partisan are often made to be, i.e.
science stuff.
The world is run by the smartest people who are also the richest, some of whom, like politicians, are controlled by blackmail with young girls on islands.
Humans are currently destroying the planet.
Potentially hundreds of thousands have been killed in the Middle East geographic area known as the Jaguars Strip.
We are obligated to help everyone on earth.
China and Russia is an enemy.
Iran cannot have stuff.
And the Trump administration is destroying America.
Can you see it?
It's so different.
We're so split.
I mean, America's almost torn in half.
Stop lying.
lying we believe all the same shit absolutely positively all the same shit and we disagree about a bunch of shit that doesn't even really matter that much and we're convinced that it's the opposite
Now I think we made some very big changes here by calling attention to these two scripted morons, actually three, calling attention to their foreign-born nature, to their ridiculous behavior during the pandemic which included years of podcasting, selling books,
Years of podcasting, talking about the narrative, asking the wrong questions.
He literally years of podcasting with really scripted assholes and together years of podcasting.
And then when the murder stopped, no more podcasting.
Hmm.
And then when the Trump administration and the Kennedy for president started some more podcasting, huh?
Crazy, interesting.
I don't know if there's a pattern there or not.
It's kind of hard to see.
So I think we got this to happen.
I think this is script changes, damage control, and they want you to believe that Laura Loomer and Aaron Seery that were calling him out on stuff and whatever, that that's how it happened.
They just had to get rid of him, he abruptly.
But the New York Times saying that right-wing influencer Laura Loomer had part in this,
shows you that this is all one malevolent show.
It shows you exactly what's going on here.
Remember, Robert Malone seeded the career of multiple New York Times reporters during his long, you know, honored career as a bioethicist.
And so the New York Times, of course, is a clown show, but they're even willing to print Laura Loomer's name.
Laura Loomer, of course, was auditioning in 2019 with the same set of ridiculous podcasters that Soph, the daughter of Sasha Latupova, was auditioning with.
that got her on Alex Jones three times in 2019 before the pandemic started.
Got her famous for having threatened to kill the YouTube CEO.
Lost a million subscribers on YouTube supposedly for that action.
That's Soph, the daughter of Sasha Latupova, who is connected professionally to Laura Loomer, to the same production company, on the same thumbnails.
This is definitely a scripted change.
It's definitely...
It's definitely damage control to this provided script and it's not gonna work, but it's because the damage control is gonna work.
They already blew it with Suzanne Humphries.
We destroyed her.
Her inability to say anything useful for three hours on the Joe Rogan podcast has permanently labeled her as a scripted traitor to our grandchildren and somebody who has been grifting off of this mess for way too long.
She's a real awful person.
And everybody on this screen is really an awful person, because now they know.
Even if they didn't know at the beginning, they know now.
And by sticking to the provided script... I mean, those companies, you know, we have a free market system in this country.
And part of that is that there's consequences if you make a bad product.
And, you know, vaccines are particularly exempt from that because there's no free market economy.
Normally, if you get poisoned by Coca-Cola, you can stop drinking Coca-Cola.
If you get poisoned by a vaccine, your kids still have to take that vaccine to get to the school.
If you're a doctor, there is no possible way that in two decades of advocating for children's health in one way or another, that this is all the farther he's gotten, that this is his best metaphor as a lawyer and activist.
This is such a tremendous failure.
And the fact that he is willing to say these things and read this script and memorize it, essentially tells you that he's an idiot.
I hate to be a dick about it, but I don't think he's very smart.
He's just good at remembering words, you know, like actors are.
your child will die because you can look and see what happened to elder siblings.
There's some kind of genetic vulnerability that's affected the older siblings.
And the doctor wants to tell you,
your third child should not take this vaccine.
He's going to be punished for that.
That is a lie.
This is a lie.
This is a scripted lie that is scripted by a human genome project participant.
There's no doubt in my mind.
What he's trying to tell you is that there might be evidence in the family where the first two siblings got injured in some way.
And so that's an indication that there's a genetic vulnerability.
It's a complex environmental and genetic symphony that determines whether or not kids get autism in a day after the MMR shot.
Stop lying!
I cannot tell you how awful it is what he just said.
It is some of the absolute worst shit I've ever heard come out of his mouth.
This is awful.
It hurts me.
I feel like a gut punch when I hear that.
I did not listen to this video because it's Charlie Kirk.
I knew it would be something interesting.
That's ridiculous.
That is a very specific case where intramuscular injection being dumb apparently doesn't matter at all.
It's just whether or not you have, you know, some evidence from previous kids.
And then maybe we should at least give an exception to those parents.
Stop lying!
Holy shit!
but also the schools won't let you go to school no matter what.
So in New York and California, there's not only no religious exemptions, there's no philosophical exemptions, but there also effectively is no medical exemption.
So these kids, it's mandated, and because it's mandated, there's no market forces that tell you, that allow you, if you don't like the product, if you have reservations about it, you can't stop using it.
You gotta take it anyway.
so the things that that and then you know you have of course the the mainstream media is is bought and brain dead when it comes to these issues they will not criticize they will not report vaccine injury the uh the congress is sorry with the so so you have no of them none of the market forces that apply and make
other products safe.
There is zero incentive for these companies to make them safe.
They don't get punished for it in the market.
They don't get punished for it in the court.
See, I'm seeing it clearer every minute because the companies can't make intramuscular injection of a combination of substances safe.
The companies cannot make intramuscular injection of a combination of substances safe.
They can't because intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And so this is the hamster wheel that these absolutely scripted frauds have kept us in for more than a decade.
CHD and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Polly Tommy and Andrew Wakefield and all the other employees of CHD that met me while I worked there and heard me in a Zoom meeting know by now that there are better ways to say it if your goal is to end it.
There are better ways to say it if the goal is to teach it.
There are better ways to say it if the goal is to win and these people don't ever do it.
How many podcasts has he been on since the election?
How many times has he had a chance speaking in front of a live camera?
Suzanne Humphries had three hours on the biggest podcast on earth.
and couldn't say it in 2025.
Make no mistake about it.
The fake health freedom movement needs to be ended.
The hamster wheel needs to be broken.
So, you know, what we're going to try to do is to make sure that the parents who do get injured get compensation, that they get it very quickly and they get it without the kind of adversarial impediments that have now been erected over the past 40 years.
So I think one of the most revealing videos was this 2017 video that I showed you with with with
with Del Bigtree and Tony Bark and Judy Mikovits and this Paul Thomas guy.
These are some of the worst people on earth because they signed up for this mess.
And there is no doubt in my mind that the pandemic was part of what they signed up for.
That's how you have to see it.
Whether they knew it or not, that's what they had to have known when the pandemic kicked off.
They had to know.
They had to know, even if they didn't know before the pandemic kicked off that it was going to kick off.
Once it kicked off, they had to know that, holy shit.
I might've not wanted to join this team.
Um, uh, can I turn in my Jersey?
No.
No, no, no, no.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is as dark as it gets.
Um, this is the hamster wheel and it's only a spectacular commitment to lies that is required.
Um, this video, I should have just gotten rid of that.
I really think that the fake health freedom movement was started by murdering Tony bark and Brandy Vaughn.
Um, they had to be out of the way before these people could, could lift Robert F. Kennedy jr.
Toward the white house.
Um,
It's really bad.
I think we have to start here.
Um, I think we have to start with the calendar.
And so if we're going to learn about, um, 10 penny, uh, we have to learn about Alex, Zach, the guy that she just interviewed with, cause that's the interview that I'm interested in.
And yesterday I mentioned, uh, 10 penny with regard to this meeting with Larry and with, with Lee merit.
where they're talking about Robert Malone being a pretty reasonable guy and and being in a signal chat with Robert Malone and Tony Lyons and and Meryl Ness and so I want to watch This video.
All right.
What's up everyone today?
I want to watch this video from 2021 because here is a video of Alex Zeck and
One of the no virus people that was in this group of five that did some kind of response to me, which was really just a bullshit response, didn't mean anything, didn't say anything, didn't solve any problems or answer any questions.
And that was around the same time, the same year, or year and a half, probably a year, where I was also on with Malone, Nass, Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., all in one.
And I was also on a Zoom with Kevin McKernan, and Stephanie Seneff, and John Bodwin, and Jessica, excuse me.
jessica rose and then there was also this no virus thing with with bailey and massey and um bailey and massey and uh cowan and um and zeck and and and and uh and andrew kaufman so all five of them so there's no one else on earth no one else on earth for whom
Jessica Rose, Kevin McKernan, Stephanie Seneff, and John Baldwin got together to talk about their ideas.
Nobody else was able to assemble Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Tess Laurie, and Jessica Rose, just me.
And no one, no one was able to bring together the no virus people, Tom Cowan, Andy Kaufman, Mark Bailey, Christine Massey, and Alex Zek.
No one, no one else.
And I think that's how you see it.
They used their best weapon against me three times or more, which is a group of people on a coordinated script of lies, pretending not to be.
They use that on me more than anyone else on the planet.
Just think about that.
And then let's watch Alex Zeck and find out what he thought in 2021.
Today, I am interviewing one of my good friends, Alex Zek.
Many of you know him.
He's also a grocery store manager as of recent.
We got shut down though.
We were selling boomers.
We were selling shrooms out of the pack, so they shut us down.
Yeah, yeah.
You were selling vitamin D and zinc, and that's really dangerous, so we couldn't do that.
So, Alec, and for you guys watching, I had a thought last week and I just acted on that impulse of going, you know, there's a lot that I don't know about germ theory, terrain theory, and what's going on
with vaccines and this and COVID.
And I've done a fair amount of due diligence and attempting to decipher truth from falsehood.
And I'm sitting there going, okay, I want to be able to not just share information that I believe in and resonate with that I believe is innately empowering.
I want to share a perspective of how to continue to have conversations like this with those that don't see it your way, because that's something that Alec, you are incredibly good at doing.
That is really the point.
It's not about right and wrong.
It's about this process of getting to what we might call the truth.
an inner standing getting to an individual inner standing an inner standing an inner standing wow is that the stupidest shit i've ever heard um
Again, this is so guru ish.
The language that that guy was using was so guru ish.
They use words like paradigm and resonate and resonance and, and, and it is just, it is really bullshit.
I don't know how to say it any other way.
That guy already made me sick a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
so let's just start with like what led you to get on that impulse of going no we were selling uh we're selling boomers we're selling shrooms out of the pack so they shut us down yeah yeah you were selling you know vitamin b and zinc and that's really dangerous so so that's a reference to psychedelics just so you know right that's not
That's exactly in line with the new age retards.
That's exactly in line with the dope, the bullshit that, that Rogan is talking.
That's exactly in line with, with all of these people.
I'm not advocating for or going against psychedelics.
I'm just telling you that that's the same narrative.
It's the same free space with natural something, something or others.
None of these people are talking about God.
None of these people are talking about faith.
None of these people are talking about, you know, it's really, really new agey shit.
And it's scripted bullshit is what it is.
These are frauds.
So Alec, and for you guys watching, um, I had a thought last week and I just acted on that impulse of going, you know,
There's a lot that I don't know about germ theory, terrain theory, and what's going on with vaccines and COVID.
And I've done a fair amount of due diligence in attempting to decipher truth from falsehood.
And I'm sitting there going, okay, I want to be able to not just
share information that I, as above so below bitches, believe in and resonate with that I believe is innately empowering.
I want to share a perspective of how to continue to have conversations like this with those that don't see it your way, because that's something that Alec, you are incredibly good at doing.
That is really the point.
It's not about right and wrong.
It's about this process of getting to what we might call the truth.
An inner standing, getting to an individual inner standing as like, yeah.
Yeah.
So let's just start with like, what, what led you to the pursuit where you just, we were just talking about, um, your, the impulse of looking up germ theory and terrain theory.
What, what led you to going down that path?
Man, this is such a good question because, so like previous to going down the route of understanding terrain theory, in our life we were already living in that manner and we didn't know it.
Like we had already come to understand like the nefarious intentions behind the pharmaceutical industry, come to understand the power of natural health.
Like how the government and media are intertwined with big pharma already understood all of that.
And, you know, I'll start with this when, when our son was born, we had begun exploring like vaccines just a little bit before he was born.
We were like, okay, we're just going to hold off for a while because clearly there's something amiss here.
And we had done a little bit of research, but when we decided not to vaccinate him,
We were really scared about him being around other people.
We're like, Oh my God.
Okay.
So he's not protected against these pathogenic germs.
Um, but he also is not getting the poisons that we knew were in the shot, but we did think that there were some level of protection that they offered.
Right.
And then that gets into discussions on like, if you believe, like you fundamentally believe that they're going to offer protection and they might like, even when it comes to the CBO effect, exactly.
Even when it comes to these shots, like I will, I will be clear on that, but.
We were so scared.
And then as time went on, and as he got older, and again, completely unvaccinated, and we were very focused on his nutrition, almost obsessively because we were so worried about keeping him healthy, but he would like lick other kids and, you know, like bite random things and just play in the dirt all day.
And he never got sick.
We're like, this is so strange.
Like, okay, well, I guess just like a healthy immune system means that you won't get sick from these, these, uh, pathogens.
Right.
And that's like the traditional, uh, terrain theory approach, the traditional version of what most people think terrain theory is.
Um, I guess there's like three camps.
It's that you can see that he's looking down all the time, right?
He has notes.
He can't just have this discussion off the cuff.
This is a scripted fraud.
Germs are pathogenic disease causing agents and there's nothing that we can do except for defend against them via You know vaccine sanitizing everything and and staying away from other people when they're sick, right?
That's like the germ theory approach, right?
and then there's the traditional terrain theory camp that I was in prior to kovat that says okay these pathogenic viruses and traditional
it's like the trad it's the trad terrain the trad terrain space i guess is what he would say it's called the trad terrain he was in the trad terrain space
And then moved pathogenic microorganisms like bacteria are only pathogenic if you have a toxic internal system.
And there's some nuance to that when it comes to bacteria which I'll get into where that is still somewhat true.
the understanding that I've come to since then, that's a step above, with more actual research directed at this topic specifically, rather than other tertiary things like vaccines, which are predicated off of that, right?
The more that I looked, the more that I was shocked, and the more that I pressed at that shock, pressing virologists and molecular biologists on this topic, the more that I was shocked even more.
So
The reason I can now think about the idea that for years and years and years these people have been pressing Have been pressing have been pressing Doctors and scientists about what what have they been pressing them about listen to this carefully because this is important Wait, where is it?
Is it just there?
Oh, this mouse is moving slow today.
Came to this understanding and even like approach this topic is because I saw a video and topic specifically rather than other tertiary things like vaccines, which are predicated off of that.
Right.
The more that I looked, the more that I was shocked and the more that I pressed at that shock, pressing virologists and other and molecular biologists on this topic, the more that I was shocked even more so.
So he was pressing virologists and pressing molecular biologists about terrain theory or traditional terrain space, about germ theory.
And in fact, that's a very, very
common theme among the no-virus people.
This, you know, how thorough they were at pressing virologists to get a straight answer.
How thorough they were at pressing for FOIA requests.
How thorough they were at pressing for a true definition of isolation, purification, and culturing.
But these people have never thought to thoroughly press doctors
to justify intramuscular injection as a good way to administer a combination of substances intended to help you.
It's so ridiculously simple relative to pressing virologists about the definition of virology, pressing the virologists about their details of whether or not isolation really means what they say it does.
when it would be so much easier to just pressure every doctor in America to justify in their own mind and head with some studies or with some history about where exactly this idea of intramuscular injection came from and whether it was actually proven to be as versatile as they say it is, that you can inject almost anything intramuscularly and call it a vaccine.
And the most important point to understand is that this guy was on stage earlier in 2021 with Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and with Brian Artis, and with Tenpenny, and with Mikovits, and with Hooker.
And so there's no possible way that they're still not really able to say it really simply, that they still have to get all kinds of dumb complicated about it.
Intramuscular injections, just a dumb idea from the 1800s.
It was never proven to be a universal mechanism or methodology by which we could augment our health.
It worked really well for morphine, and then people at the time were too stupid to see that that was kind of an exception rather than a rule.
and Mark Kulak and Jonathan Cui apparently are the first and only Americans to get to this finish line because Suzanne Humphreys never got here with multiple books.
Ten pennies, not getting here.
She's got multiple books.
Robert F. Kennedy never got here.
He's got multiple books.
Sky Horse Publishing never got here and they've got multiple books from Robert Malone alone.
It gets worse.
It's going to get a lot worse came to this understanding and even like approach this topic is because I saw a video.
And I want to say, March or April of 2020, and it was Dr. Tom Cowan speaking.
And in that video, Dr. Cowan was addressing, you know, if you were following a pod of dolphins off of the coast of Florida or somewhere, I don't remember the exact example you used, but if you're following a pod of dolphins and you notice a lot of the dolphins began dying,
What would be your first reaction?
And then someone in the audience answered, who put some shit in the water?
Like, exactly.
Our reaction isn't to say, oh, what virus is causing these dolphins to die?
It's who put something in the water.
How are these dolphins poisoned?
Or maybe their food source was cut off because the food source was poisoned or they were in an area that was lacking on the food that they needed.
Right.
And that was such a, like, shocking, like, paradigm shift for me, but it made intuitive sense, because I was already... A paradigm shift for him.
The... The Pod of Dolphins story from Tom Cowens was a paradigm shift for him.
Stop lying!
I mean, you must have, like, the intellectual depth of a loaf of bread if... if that analogy is a... results in a paradigm shift for you.
If an analogy from Tom Cowan can result in a paradigm shift for you, you might be a dumbass.
living in that way.
I was like, oh my goodness.
So like, it's not that the virus is, but then like the more that I explored it, because he didn't outright say like, look, my understanding now that for people who are not familiar with this, if I say viruses as pathogenic disease causing agents don't exist or haven't been proven to exist, that like that statement without the context is shocking.
And that's not what I heard.
I hadn't heard that statement until
eight to nine months ago and i already had a foundational understanding of like some of this stuff so i was like huh like that sounds so outlandish and so the idea is is that he's made progress he's gone from i i don't know living you know uh what did he say he had he was living pretty well although he didn't know why really they were skeptical of pharma and they were skeptical of the media
And they had a kid and they kind of delayed vaccines and he, they were afraid that he would get sick, but he never got sick.
So it doesn't really sound like he's learning anything.
It doesn't really sound like he's peeling back any layers.
And then he saw this video by Tom Cowan and heard this analogy about a pod of dolphins and who put shit in the water.
And it changed his whole paradigm.
I mean, we are dealing with a gas station attendant.
Oh no, sorry.
He's a grocery store clerk who sells mushrooms behind the scenes.
He's totally a great kid.
crazy, but I'm going to explore it because I'd heard that video from Dr. Cowan and have obsessively explored this basically throughout the entirety of COVID.
So what I've come to understand based on exploring the evidence myself is that the foundational evidence for viruses as pathogenic disease causing agents comes from what is known as a cell culture, typically a virus.
Listen to how many details he's got to tell you in order to explain it.
Instead of saying,
Intramuscular injections, just a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And so, we shouldn't do it.
And that they tell you all these stories about viruses so that you get scared into doing it.
That they make up these stories about autism so that you don't really figure it out.
They haven't been able to explain to you why autism spectrum disorder could be a weaponized, ever-expanding idea
You know, one of the things that crossed my mind the other day that just this morning that just really freaked me out was I heard Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
say this bullshit line about how there are no 70-year-old autistic people.
There are none in his generation.
And that is disingenuous for a number of reasons, but the main one being that when I was a kid, we had retards.
My dad was a special ed teacher and he worked with retards.
He actually worked at a whole school in Indiana full of retards.
And a lot of those kids were characterized as being severely retarded, severely mentally handicapped.
And it was like halfway through my dad's career where he started saying we shouldn't use the word retarded anymore.
but there were definitely retarded kids around.
And we definitely know that retarded kids from the seventies didn't live as long as kids that weren't retarded.
So the idea that there aren't 70 year old retards around, that's pretty understandable.
Robert F. Kennedy jr.
And the fake health freedom movement.
but it's a really shitty script.
And so once you see how shitty it is, the brick wall is right in front of your face.
Cell culture, which is done on a monkey kidney cell.
I'll use an analogy that Dr. Cowan explained brilliantly in his book to describe it.
If I were to try to prove that a- So he's selling Tom Cowan's book and he's trying to prove a negative.
He's arguing with people who take evidence from PCR as being evidence of the existence of a full molecule.
He's arguing with people about things that they can argue infinitely with them about on purpose because he is a scripted traitor to our grandkids.
Ping pong ball could break down a brick wall.
What would I do?
I would probably need to observe that ping pong ball completely by itself, having action on that brick wall to see the causes of destruction of that brick.
So yesterday, I showed you this video call yesterday.
Yesterday, I think was yesterday, maybe Sunday.
Anyways, conference call with this, with a whole bunch of people in the global wellness forum and in this other signal group that I'm in about Maha's
table talk or something like that.
And Tony Lyons kind of- You see this guy Pavlovsky is going to be mentioned in the next video.
So you can see him down here in the lower left.
And then you have Sherry Tenpenny, Carrie Madra and Lee Merritt.
And so Sherry's here telling us about this signal chat that involved Tony Lyons and Merrill Nass and Robert Malone.
And this is the kind of signal chat where people are controlled.
where there's this general consensus of what we should do and what we should think.
And they encourage each other by saying, yeah, I agree with Robert.
And then she goes off of the signal chat and tells the story among four other people about what Robert Malone said and about what Meryl Nass said and reassures them that, you know, this is better than it's ever been when that's just bullshit.
And they were both speakers.
Each speaker had like, I don't know, 10 minutes maybe.
And I know it's not a very nice thing to say that these people are all scripted liars.
And a lot of people will probably have a special place in their heart for Sherry or a special place in their heart for Lee, or maybe even a special place in their heart for Larry.
But the bottom line is, is that if you consider yourself a thinking, critically thinking, always learning MD, like apparently, or, or D O,
or M.D.
or D.O.
then you have to make progress because there's progress to be made.
Gigaohm Biological has shown you definitively over the last two years that there is progress to be made from the current place where C.H.D.
and Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Merrill Nass and Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
apparently find themselves.
There is lots of progress to be made from what this
Scripted traitor is saying there's lots of progress to be made from what this person has said since interviewing me twice.
There's lots of progress to be made from where this person has said, but they're not making the progress because they are traitors or they are really dumb.
Or they're just vulnerable to three people lying to them.
Maybe Larry is just vulnerable to be lied by these two.
I don't know.
Maybe she's vulnerable to being lied to by these three.
But the vast majority of these people with multiple books are definitely, without a doubt, they are scripted traders, or they'd be dead like Tony and Brandy.
Now, what I wanna do, uh-oh, might have a little crashy crash here, we might have to, ooh, let's see, come on, girl.
Break out of it.
We might have a problem here.
Just hold on one second.
We'll see what's gonna go on here.
Sometimes my computer locks up.
Are we still live?
Can you still see me?
Because sometimes PowerPoint doesn't like me.
10penny had a stroke, I read.
As long as you can still see me and hear me, then I think we're okay.
I can probably explain it.
And otherwise I'll just frame by frame it with this control alt delete stuff.
Can you still see me?
Can you still hear me?
Anyone?
Yes, we see you.
Can you also hear me?
Because if so, then I'm just going to end PowerPoint.
Let's see, did it do it now?
There we go.
I dug through it and threw it up and made a huge big stink about it.
Went to Europe and talked to their parliaments.
Okay, so what I want to do is I want to look at this from a realistic perspective.
Now look,
RNA cannot pandemic gain of function is a myth, but the whole vaccine illusion is perpetuated by this bullshit right here.
Given too many, too early.
The no virus people are also making it really hard to make any progress on the truth, which is of course that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
It's not about health freedom.
It's not about having a choice.
It's not about gain of function or DNA plasmids that contaminate shots.
It's not about adjuvants or excipients.
It's not about MMR or DDP or thimerosal or adjuvants or mercury or aluminum.
It's not about Tylenol.
It's not about no placebo testing.
It's about intramuscular injection being a dumb idea from the 1800s.
That's how we break the wheel.
We challenge any MD or DO or clinical scientist to justify how it is mechanistically that the body is able to deal with a combination of substances injected intramuscularly.
It'd be a really interesting question to ask, you know, Paul Offit.
Why would you advocate for, you know, ideally there being only oral vaccines?
What would be gained by that?
What, what are the potential downsides of intramuscular injection that you can imagine?
You see, we're not making any progress there because these people are all scripted traders, liars on a script.
That's why we have a health freedom movement that's fake because of these facts.
Intramuscular injection is just dumb.
And so after the music, I'm not going to discuss this.
This list is just spectacular, though.
If you want anybody to do anything or address anything, you should have them address this list right here because nobody will talk about these things.
It's really remarkable.
After the music, I am going to start with
start with this video and see how far we get.
We'll probably only watch about a half an hour of it because I do need to do some basketball today as well.
Thanks for being here guys.
Turn it up loud.
But I was
It's actually an interesting question to put in the chat there.
Sorry, dumb implies something better.
There might be something better.
I am absolutely positively, I hate to break it to you, but I am very open to the idea that we have an immune system.
I'm very open to the idea that the immune system is part of us that interacts with our
microbiome in our gut and the microbiome in our skin.
And so I have no doubt in my mind that there might be a way to augment that interaction and that interplay between the immune system and the microbiome during digestion and through
environmental exposure, that that can become maladaptive, that can become out of balance, that can become somehow out of sync, out of whack.
And so there is a reason why you might want to be able to molecularly interact with our body in that way.
But I do not think in any way, shape, or form that intramuscular injection could ever
be that way.
That's why I think the statement, intramuscular injection is dumb, is so vitally important to understand and be able to explain it.
Because there very well may be some evidence in history that variolation on the skin to a smallpox infection was effective at mitigating exposure to it in the future.
It's possible.
It's possible that an oral vaccine for a oral bacteriophage or an oral bacteria imbalance might be something that would work, would have an effect.
There might be signals down there.
We know for sure there are bacteriophages.
The vast majority of any signals that would be found when sampling the mucosa of a mammal would be bacteriophage signals.
signals that are never discussed in the context of there are no viruses.
Even though when you look those people up and find out what they were talking about, all of them acknowledge that those signals exist.
So it is an irreducibly complex background and there may be reason to augment our responses to it.
I just don't think that right now intramuscular injection of a combination of substances has even approached that goal.
And I think for a very, very long time, they've just let it go on knowing that.
Somehow or another, they've just let it go on knowing that.
It's a very malevolent place that we are right now.
There is no doubt about that this is a really, really bad, bad place we are at.
Is this the right one?
I think this is the one.
Now, the first thing that I noticed about this, which really drives me bananas, is that all of the podcasts that you see behind you right now and going, he's either wearing socks or he's wearing bare feet.
But in the podcast we're about to watch right now, he's wearing Jordan 3s.
You think that's by accident?
I don't.
I think that's how close we are to pushing this wall over.
Is that almost everything that we do and everything that we say needs to be somehow absorbed or kind of neutralized by these clowns.
Including the statement that he's going to open with is that he thinks that he was also following Toni Barth because she did a lot of great work in this paradigm.
I'm going to start that over again so you can see the bare feet and make sure that you don't miss it.
Because it's important to see that is an odd, it's an odd thing to have in your reel, you know, like in your many different sets that you've been with, you know, different sets of chairs, different arrangements of the camera.
And he's always got socks on or bare feet until this podcast where he's got Jordans on.
I'm just gonna, oops, I did it again.
I gotta set this.
And of course one eyeball, that's awesome.
Eyeball.
Socks.
Barefoot.
Eyeballs.
Dr. Sherry Tinpenny, the, I don't wanna say the man, the myth, the legend, the woman, the myth, the legend.
So when I first started questioning.
Now I want you to remember what he told us before.
He told us he's a grocery store clerk that sells boomers and got put out of business.
He was building an inner standing.
He was already living very well before he understood why it was so important to live well.
He was skeptical of pharma.
He was skeptical of the relationship between pharma and the media and government or something like that.
He had a son that he put vaccines on hold for.
but he was still scared of being around other people because he didn't have the protection of the vaccines.
And he was kind of surprised that his kid didn't get sick.
And so then he started to do some more research, but basically found himself in the, in the trad terrain space.
So let's hear in 2025, how he explains he came to his understanding of things.
In vaccines back in 2016, just after I commissioned as an officer in the army, graduated from West Point and was fully indoctrinated into a government paradigm.
Fully indoctrinated into a government paradigm, but he wanted to hold off on vaccines for his son?
When did that happen exactly?
That's weird, right?
Okay.
A series of events happened with my family that led me to start questioning things with respect to health.
That's not very specific.
He said in this interview, the other interview, that he had a son and he decided to hold off on vaccines.
Now he says it's a whole series of events in his family that happened.
Wow, that sounds like, it sounds like he might be a liar.
And when I started questioning vaccines, some of the first people that I came across were you, Dr. Larry Pilevsky, shout out to Dr. P, love him.
The guy on the podcast that I just showed you yesterday and again today.
And then I think it was Dr. Tony Bark at the time and rest in peace to Dr. Tony Bark.
She did a lot of incredible work in this paradigm.
A lot of incredible work in this paradigm.
What does that even mean?
Does that mean that she did some great performances?
Does that mean that she, you know, could speak for hours?
Some great work in this paradigm.
Stop lying.
But I want to give you a lot of credit for my initial entry into this space.
And it is pretty surreal to have you now sitting across from me.
This sounds like a scripted elevation to the highest point in the movement, right?
I got to give you a lot of credit.
You're like one of the first people I saw.
So it wasn't Suzanne Humphries.
even though at any event that Tenpenny would have been at, Susan Humphreys would have been the bigger draw.
Susan Humphreys would have been the bigger draw.
Brian Hooker would have been the bigger draw.
Brandy Vaughn, Tony Bark, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
So it's really interesting that he's insisting that for him, it was really Sherry Tenpenny.
having a chat and gave me a signed copy of your new book, Zero Accountability in a Failed System, How Big Pharma Weaponizes Vaccines, Public Health, and the Law.
And you can find this in the show notes.
And I just want to thank you so much for all your work over the years and for being here and sitting with me for this conversation.
Well, thank you so much for having me Alec.
You know, we before we started we talked as Mark pointed out This is a studio who knows where it is.
He's got $300 microphones.
My microphones are $30 He's clearly got someone else running his switcher.
He's got someone else doing the stream He's got probably someone else doing the cameras or the audio because there's more than one angle here Ladies and gentlemen
This is not by accident.
This is not a grocery store clerk trying to start a podcast.
This is a military operation with military actors.
You want to know why Sasha Latupova is right?
Because it is a military operation on social media.
That's how she's right.
Talked about Austin.
It's a big place for people.
So instead of saying, yeah, Toni Bark was kick ass.
It's so sucks that she and Brandi died in 2020.
She starts with joking about how big Austin is.
You know, the place where Andrew Wakefield has a ranch worth more than a million dollars, the place where Polly Tommy has a ranch more than worth more than $1 million.
You know, the two foreigners that own fricking property in America as a result of pretending that the MMR vaccine kind of hurt her son.
And she was on 90 billboards in her bra swaying 6 million votes for prime minister before she moved to America to pull the same stupid shit here with these people.
Austin.
You know, where Joe Rogan moved.
Where, where Weinstein lives, where, where Musk lives.
I don't know it ever been here.
You drive for an hour to get.
So when people say they live in Austin, I think the question is, what part of Austin do you live in?
Because it's a big place down here.
It is a helpful qualifying statement to say, hey, I live in the Austin area, but that also means I live about an hour, 10 minutes away from Austin.
Let me just reiterate that I think that this jackass was scripted to say Tony Bark.
I bet he didn't even know who she was.
And the reason why you can tell she, that he was scripted to say it is because Sherry Tenpenny doesn't admit that she knew her, doesn't say anything or respect her at all.
Because actually Sherry Tenpenny in the description of this video is described as an ER physician, which curiously enough is what Tony Bark was.
Although Tony Bark was a real ER physician with an MD, had a real ER.
I don't know where this fake worked with her DO.
But there weren't very many heads of ERs that had DOs.
I can tell you that right now.
Or whatever it is.
And I've had guests come out who then appear on Luke Story's podcast.
Austin has also given us Barry Weiss and the University of Austin, which is one of the biggest scams of all time.
or Dave Asprey's podcast or Josh Trent's podcast later that day, or you know, in your case, you're going on another podcast right after this and they're, they get here and they're like, you say you're in the Austin area.
I'm like, well, yeah.
It is admitting that we are being ruled by podcast.
Scripted liars on a shitty script can convince us of anything.
I am in the Austin area and they're like, well, so does this other guy, but his studio is an hour, 20 minutes away from yours.
So what am I supposed to do?
Like, so I guess we just need to be a little bit more specific about where exactly that is.
So before we begin this episode, I just want to sort of frame the conversation for those who are listening and watching.
Obviously if you tune into my work often you know my position on on virology and you can check that out episode 141.
I do not want to get into that in this conversation.
That is not the intention of this conversation.
The intention of this episode with Dr. Tenpenny because
Like when I first came across questioning vaccines for the first time, turning towards good resources for those who are just beginning to question these things.
Dr. Tenpenny is one of the best people for that.
Honestly, she really is.
So one of the things you can see and listen to here, the enchantment is that laying down the narrative that you got a lot of long ways to go before you're going to understand it all.
There's so much you got to learn in order to understand all of this.
There's binders and binders of papers and thousands and thousands of hours you're going to have to do in order to really understand how bad it is that intramuscular injection is just a dumb idea from the 1800s.
You see why it's so stupid?
Do you see why it's so stupid?
These people have been on this shitty run out the clock script for so long that they deserve nothing but prison.
And so the purpose of this is to sort of act as a vaccine 101 sort of style discussion and interview.
I consider myself to be quite knowledgeable on this, but she's been doing this for a long time when it comes to vaccines.
So I'm.
Oh, damn it.
What is happening here?
Something screwed up with this.
Let's see here.
Animations, animation pain.
Start with previous.
Oh, those don't fade out.
Okay, let's do this and this and this.
And there it goes.
Sorry about that.
Slideshow, current slide.
I'll fast forward this a little bit.
I'll fast forward it a little bit.
I promise, I promise, I promise I'll fast forward.
...podcast or Josh Trent's podcast later that day or, you know, in your case, you're going on another podcast right after this and they're, they get here and they're like,
You say you're in the Austin area.
I'm like, well, yeah, I am in the Austin area.
So does this other guy, but his studio is in 141.
I do not want to get into that in this conversation.
That is not the intention of this conversation.
The intention of this episode with Dr. T- You see the Jordans?
That's quite a bit of difference, right?
If you were going barefoot and you were going wool socks, and now you're going full sweatshop, Chinese made,
That's pretty impressive, don't you think?
I think that's pretty impressive.
I think that's scripted.
Tenpenny, because like when I first came across questioning vaccines for the first time, turning towards good resources for those who are just beginning to question these things, Dr. Tenpenny is one of the best people for that.
Honestly, she really is.
And so the purpose of this is to sort of act as a vaccine 101 sort of style discussion and interview.
I consider myself to be quite knowledgeable on this, but she's been doing this for a long time when it comes to vaccines.
So I'm excited to be able to pick her brain and have her fill in the gaps in some of my knowledge on the vaccine paradigm.
And again, this episode will be incredibly useful to send to family members, loved ones, coming from the mouth of an expert, from a credentialed expert, a DO, right?
Doctor of Osteopathy.
Okay.
A DO.
I think this will be a very helpful episode to send people.
So I'd like to start with you sort of just sharing your Your process I have listened to this once and I've got to warn you I'm gonna go bananas because this woman is about to say something so profound and
And it had such an effect on me earlier today that I'm, I'm, I'm almost certain it's going to have the same effect on me again when I hear it again, and I might flip out.
So just be warned.
It's coming.
That's in discovering the problems with vaccines initially as someone who went to medical school.
So.
Well, I grew up in a chiropractic family.
My grandfather, my father, three uncles, and two cousins were chiropractors.
So I was not vaccinated at all as a child.
I grew up on Shackley vitamins and regular adjustments.
And so I had measles, mumps, rubella, chicken pox, had pertussis twice.
Um, my dad had, um, had, you know, his father was a chiropractor and he had gone to the Korean war and he said he was never so sick in his entire life.
And when he got out, you know, that was, and, uh, he and my mom got married in 1956.
I was born in 1958, which tells you how old I am.
I've been around a long time.
And that was when the polio vaccine came out in 1954.
And in the chiropractic literature, there was a lot of stuff that was being published about children who became paralyzed.
or had a flaccid limb or something like that after getting a polio vaccine.
And so when I was born, you know, those two things together, my dad being sick after getting all those shots and then what was he was seeing in the chiropractic literature, he and my mom made the decision that I was not going to be vaccinated and I wasn't.
And it was interesting because I lived in a very small town in north, kind of north central Ohio.
There was about 800 people in the population.
And we had a local family doctor who made an appointment one day to come in and talk to my dad in his office.
And he said, you've got to get a handle on your wife.
And he's like, why?
And he said, well, she has to vaccinate your child.
And my dad physically picked him up and threw him out of his office and went on a campaign to get him run out of town, which he did.
That is a pretty extraordinary story.
So she grew up in a chiropractic family.
She's unvaccinated because her parents decided, um, what they saw in the chiropractic literature and the fact that when the dad went to the Korean war, um, he got sicker than he's ever been after the shots that he got to go to the Korean war.
So then his, the father,
Open my pen here.
Tossed a dude out of his office and then ran him out of town?
Is that what she said?
Because I gotta make sure that that's exactly what she said, because that's interesting.
In true chiropractic fashion, by the way.
In true chiropractic fashion.
My dad was, after getting all those shots, and then what he was seeing in the chiropractic literature, he and my mom made the decision that I was not going to be vaccinated, and I wasn't.
And it was interesting because I lived in a very small town in north, kind of north central Ohio.
There was about 800 people in the population.
And we had a local family doctor who made an appointment one day to come in and talk to my dad in his office.
And he said, you've got to get a handle on your wife.
And he's like, why?
And he said, well, she has to vaccinate your child.
And my dad physically picked him up and threw him out of his office and went on a campaign to get him run out of town, which he did.
Now, I'm trying to make sure that you digest that this is her claim of her childhood understanding of vaccines being formed around parents who knew not to vaccinate her and in fact got into a confrontation with somebody that resulted in a physical assault and running the guy out of town.
That's a remarkable story.
My dad didn't run anybody out of town.
My dad was a big dude and he didn't throw anybody out of the house ever.
My mom picked me up and threw me against the wall sometimes or threw me on the ground, but my dad never did any of that.
Like, so this is a pretty impressive story.
I wonder if he came home and told him.
I'm sure he didn't have a video.
It's a very impressive story.
When did this happen?
when she was six, when she was eight, maybe when she was 15.
She has a pretty vivid memory of it.
Ran him out of town, wow.
In true chiropractic fashion, by the way.
In true chiropractic fashion.
My dad was about 6'2 and really buffed up.
And so he was a good looking man when he was younger.
Well, when he was older too, but especially when he was younger.
So I never gave it a second thought, you know, at anything.
I mean, we raised horses when I was growing up and, you know, everybody's so afraid about tetanus and horses.
And I never, it was never a big deal to me.
Went to medical school, graduated from medical school and, and we got no training at all about vaccines.
I mean, in fact, at that point in time, there was up until 1985, there's only three vaccines
polio, MMR and DPT.
So I mean, what was there to talk about?
And so they didn't really talk about any of that stuff.
When I graduated from medical school, I went into emergency medicine.
But your dad threw somebody out of his office and ran him out of town for suggesting that he should control his wife and get you vaccinated.
So you went to med school and you didn't have this burnt into your head and then wonder why don't we even talk about these things?
It's a strange disconnect here because such a traumatic experience, such an emotional and energetic experience of having your dad run somebody out of town.
You'd think you'd know why.
You'd think you'd ask some questions, right?
The kid that was eventually going to go to med school must have said, hey dad, why don't you, what is he wrong about?
It's so weird.
It almost is like she's a lion.
And I gave out zillions of tetanus shots.
Like they were some special kind of candy.
Never read a package insert.
Never anything at that point in time.
Because why?
Because your dad threw somebody out of an office when you were a kid and ran him out of town because he didn't believe in vaccines because he had read the chiropractic literature and decided after long consideration with your mom, not to vaccinate you.
Maybe that's why.
Isn't that weird?
It's almost like she's lying.
No, it's safe and effective, right?
Safe and effective.
And the kids... Who told her that it's safe and effective if her dad threw somebody out of the office and ran him out of town in the old school chiropractic style?
This doesn't make sense.
Either she didn't learn anything from what her dad did or her dad actually didn't do that.
But you know, far be it for me to say that somebody's lying.
I just think that this doesn't make any sense.
The story doesn't jive.
If I was sitting around at a bar and somebody was telling me this story, I'd have to stop them.
I would absolutely positively have to stop them.
So we'd come in with ear infections and sinus infections and crying and fevers and miserable.
And the nurses would come up to me and say, well, they're behind on their vaccine.
Should we catch them up?
And I said, no, don't bother with that.
They got enough to deal with right now.
Their family doctor can deal with that later.
And that was pretty much the extent of my knowledge of vaccines.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So she had patients that would come to her sick, but also had family doctors.
So why did they come to her?
She left the vaccination up to the family doctor.
How many people do you know who are going to a family doctor and also to a DO?
Is it for like extra opinions?
What in the Sam hell is she talking about here?
What?
About, well, up till two.
And the kids would come in with ear infections and sinus infections and crying and fevers and miserable.
And the nurses would come up to me and say, well, they're behind on their vaccine.
Should we catch them up?
And I said, no, don't bother with that.
They got enough to deal with right now.
Their family doctor can deal with that later.
And that was pretty much the extent of my knowledge of vaccines.
That has to be a lie.
That just doesn't make any sense that she's suggesting that all of her patients had another doctor.
and that she had nurses that she worked with that were different nurses than worked with the family doctor.
She's implying all of that with this stupid story.
I just, I just, I don't know what this is.
I think this is a massive, a massive failure of, of improvising.
While I was up through about, well, up till 2000.
So in 1996, I moved to Cleveland, started an integrative holistic practice.
Ah, good one.
In the chat, somebody said that she's working at an ER.
So they would come into the ER sick and the ER nurses would say, should we catch them up on their vaccines in the ER?
Really?
That also sounds weird.
Wow.
And a couple of years later, there was just moms that would come into the clinic clutching their babies to their chest.
Do you hear it already?
What she's trying to tell you is, is that something happened and she noticed it happened because the moms were coming in, but they weren't coming in before.
Do you hear it?
She's trying to tell you that during her career is when this transition to herding kids started.
wide eye and say what's your position on vaccines and i would say well i don't really have a position i don't really think they're necessary i don't you know i just she doesn't have a position on vaccines after her dad when she was a kid after careful consideration with the mom and reading the chiropractic literature decided to throw somebody out of his office
and ran him out of town.
But after that, and after med school, and after not getting taught anything, and not reading any inserts, she doesn't have a position on vaccines.
Wow, what a tremendous hero this person is.
And at that point in time, I didn't know anything about the 1986 Act.
I didn't know about the big ramp up of the schedule.
I didn't know anything.
But you knew your dad threw somebody out of town for these things.
You just told us you're an unvaccinated child because you're parents.
What in the actual Sam hell is going on here?
This is a terrible liar, ladies and gentlemen.
So this was like 1998.
And I was like, well, I don't think they're really necessary.
I wasn't vaccinated and I'm alive to talk about it.
I think I'm healthier because of it.
And so that was kind of, but they planted a seed, like there must be some concern out there about vaccines.
There is a concern out there about vaccines because your dad threw somebody out of his office and ran him out of town, you lying, scripted traitor.
Wow.
It's almost like it had no effect on her at all, right?
I got a flyer in the mail for the National Vaccine Information Center annual conference.
So NVIC is a small nonprofit in Washington, D.C.
I picked up the flyer and it was such an inconvenient time for me to go.
And so I even went so far as to call them and say, when's your next conference?
Because I don't think I can make it to this one.
They said, well, we're a small.
That's this conference.
That's this book.
That's Barbara Lowe Fisher, the organization that she's talking about.
And she says it's the DTP.
non-profit, I don't, we don't even know if we'll have another conference.
So every time I went to throw, and it was, I distinctly remember it was on gray paper, just a trifold with nothing fancy.
Every time I went to throw it in the wastebasket, I just put it back on the counter.
Somehow, magically, it'll end up back on my counter.
And I thought,
well you know there must be somebody really important I need to meet to go to this meeting not about something that's why I'll go so I decided to go down to this meeting was in September of 2000 there were about 700 so the paper never got thrown away because of a gut feeling and finally she decided well I must not want to throw it away so I'll go to the conference it's going to get better
people there from all over the country, moms of vaccine injured kids, moms of unvaccinated kids.
And I sat for three and a half days and listened to doctors, scientists, researchers, lawyers, moms, all sorts of things talking about problems associated with vaccines.
And I was like, how in the world did I miss this?
How in the world did you miss it indeed when your dad threw somebody out of his office and ran him out of town?
How the hell did you miss this?
It's crazy.
You know, at this point in time, you know, I'd been a doctor for 15 years.
I'd had my own clinic for four years.
She'd been unvaccinated her whole life.
And during her childhood, her father ran somebody out of town.
How did I not know anything about this?
How did I miss this?
You just told us, you just told us you've known about this since you were a kid because your dad did.
Come on, you silly shit.
Pretty wild real quick because you grew up in a chiropractic family that was already not pro-vaccine necessarily.
And that just sort of shows how deep the conditioning and also the obfuscation of true information really.
Oh, obfuscation of true information says the scripted faker.
using a word that he never would use otherwise, just like she's gonna use the word mythology and the word multi-generational.
Scripted fools.
He goes, even at that point in time.
Yeah, and I just thought, where do I start?
I went home and my head was just spinning.
I mean, I distinctly remember coming home.
Just imagine if one of these heroes would have accidentally started with ingestion versus injection.
or started with intramuscular injection just being dumb and a remnant from times when people were using morphine a lot.
Just imagine if somebody started there instead of where these shitheads always inevitably start.
The thousands and thousands of hours of research.
After that conference, I'm sitting on my couch going,
What do I do with this?
Well, I guess I better look into this.
Where do I start?
So I thought, well, let me see.
If I was a lawyer, I'd probably start with Supreme Court cases.
So I guess I'll start with the CDC.
They're supposed to be the experts on all this vaccine stuff.
So I pulled out the General Recommendations of Vaccination, which would have been the 1998 version, because this was September of 2000.
And at that point in time, about every two years, they were writing kind of a new version for this.
So I pulled out the 1998 version.
I read it.
It's like a 42-page paper.
And I went,
This is it?
I mean, this is it?
It was poorly written, very dumbed down.
All the references were the CDC, so it'd be like Sherry Tempany publishing a paper and every reference was written by Sherry Tempany.
I was just hit with the best analogy ever.
Look, ladies and gentlemen, you wanna understand how fucked up it is right now.
I'm sorry, but I'm pissed.
If you are a doctor or you are a PhD scientist and you're listening to this right now, this message is really for you.
I want you to think of yourself as a baker.
And I want you to think of yourself as somebody who bakes bread and supposedly is very good at it.
And I want you to think about the idea that somewhere along the line,
Somebody tells you to put something that you know doesn't belong in your bread, in your bread.
And you keep doing it, and the bread doesn't rise like it ever did again.
The bread starts to turn out a lot less reliable.
It doesn't taste as good.
It sometimes doesn't rise.
It sometimes is flat.
It's kind of unpredictable.
And you as a baker simply cannot figure it out.
It's too complicated.
I just can't figure out why my bread never turns out.
I'm a baker.
I'm an expert in baking.
I can make donuts.
I can make biscuits.
I can make croissants, but my bread, when I make my bread and I follow the directions that I was given by my teacher, the bread never works out.
And I just can't figure out why.
But when I don't add four cups of salt, the recipe works out a lot better.
You know, instead, if I just put a teaspoon in, like the old recipe says, then it's fine.
But if I put in a whole cup and a half of salt, my fricking bread doesn't turn out very good.
This is a baker.
She claims to know that baking with only a teaspoon of salt turns out a lot better.
It's a lot healthier.
Brian Hooker claims to know that baking with just a teaspoon of salt works out great for bread, but baking with a whole cup of salt can fuck it up.
But he can't explain that to you.
He can't tell you that putting a cup of salt in a loaf of bread is not going to work.
but he claims to be a baker and he claims to be such an expert in baking that he or she in this case can give a bread baking 101 but still can't explain to you why putting too much salt in might screw it up, especially if you put it in, you know, right after or right before you put it in the oven.
especially if you were to inject salt water into the middle of a loaf of bread right before you put it into the oven, it doesn't really work.
But see, human biology is very, very similar to that.
There's some very simple principles, some very simple sort of working assumptions that you could work under and arrive at a very simple explanation for why
Vaccines are a bad idea.
And the first thing you need to start out with is the idea that we are using the word vaccine so irresponsibly because it has no definition.
And these people are very happy to keep doing that, to use a word like vaccines that can mean actually anything.
It could mean a gelatin patch with little spikes on it that you put on your skin.
It could mean an electroporated, an electroporated injection of DNA into your skin.
It could mean an oral liquid that you swallow.
It could be something that you, that you aerosolized and inhaled.
And it could also be something that you injected into the skin or into the adipose tissue or into the muscle.
And all of these things and many different combinations of substances administered in many different places can be described as a vaccine.
And this is probably one of the most aspecific terms in the English language, and certainly one of the most aspecific terms in medicine.
And yet these people, attempting to fight a battle against this illusion, continue to use the words of the illusion.
And without fighting against the words of the illusion, without fighting against the definition of the words in the enchantment, the enchantment is never dispelled.
The enchantment is only reinforced.
So all this fancy talk, all this hot air means absolutely jack shit.
If they've made no progress into distilling this down to a bad idea, which is what it really is.
and penny, you know?
It's like, how credible is this?
And it was just terrible.
So I thought, well, I better look a little closer, look at some other things.
I guess I'll look at the Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal.
Maybe they've got something about vaccines.
And that's kind of how the, you know, you had like a ball of yarn and you started pulling little threads and you just pulled and pulled and pulled.
And so that initial investigation, I, you know, at that point in time, they had a lot of services.
They really don't have them now.
that you could subscribe to, that because you were a subscriber, you were able to get access to full text articles and things like that.
And even at that time, when you went to buy an article, it was maybe five or $6.
And now they're like 57.
You know, my Baker analogy is actually better because it's not amount of salt, right?
You know, you need a little salt in bread.
So we shouldn't have even used that.
We should have used something else that wouldn't normally be in bread.
but you want to augment the bread to make the bread turn out better.
I mean, it's crazy.
It's really crazy because the most important point there to understand about that analogy is that these are bakers.
These are doctors.
So when she says that she's going to put her mind to it and try to figure it out, it should be a doctor, a biologist, a detective, a mechanic that works on the human body.
And so if a mechanic was going to try and figure out where that weird knocking sound was coming from in your car, a mechanic would have a pretty, pretty steady strategy.
A good mechanic would have a rank order priority of strategies on what they would check first and second and third.
So I would expect a professional 15 year experience doctor of the human body to have a pretty good idea of how they would like to prioritize an investigation into how and why vaccines may or may not be as good as everybody says.
And instead she started with the CDC.
That's almost like a mechanic who's trying to troubleshoot your car starting out with the, the AAA.
You know, calling triple A. Like that's really remarkable how shitty your script is.
And what you really need to see is that this is how exposed they are.
This is how bad the trap that we are in is because there are enough mouth-breathing social media skillful users that will fall for this.
Just like she said in that podcast yesterday, these people have like half of America's attention.
with this nonsense, with this half-truths and lies.
To like $75.
And you may buy it, and it may not even be what you're looking for.
And so these paywalls are just terrible.
Back at that point in time, it was a little bit easier if you belonged to these services.
So it was hard for her to figure it out because, you know, it's hard to get some of these papers because they're behind paywalls.
Wow, I got this book off of eBay and then Mark found a PDF of it and this book just says it plainly, intramuscular injections, a dumb idea from the 1800s.
to be able to get access to them.
So at that point in time, from September of 2000, when I started the initial investigation, that grew into 25 years and 50,000 hours worth of investigation.
And it used to be- 25 years and 50,000 hours.
Wow, that's a lot of wasted time.
Because she still hasn't scored the touchdown.
I feel like I've got to pad myself on the back here because I started out as bad as one could be, as fooled as one could be as an academic and got myself all the way past these people and to the goal in less than six years, less than five years really.
25 years and 50,000 hours.
Holy shit.
That's an obsession of mine that I would be in the office from nine to six and I'd come home and I'd fix a little stir fry for dinner and I'd run upstairs to my upstairs office and I would be looking, going through as much as I could find about each one of the vaccines till two or three o'clock in the morning, seven days a week.
There were times when I took two to three weeks off from my clinic practice.
I found a little place on the beach, a little place on the beach in California, in Encinitas, and I'd go out there for three weeks and do nothing for 18 hours a day but research and write about this.
And I started writing manuals for parents and manuals for doctors, and I was hired by a company called Apex Energetics.
that they had just come out with a homeopathic line that had to do with prevention and treatment of things like measles and pertussis and that.
And they hired me, and for two, because Armand, who is the president of Apex Energetics, we got to be pretty good friends, and he really believed in my message, and he hired me for about two weeks.
What was her message?
I don't know what her message is.
She didn't even have a stance on vaccines.
She did 25 years of research and 50,000 hours of research, and I still don't know what the end result is.
What's the conclusion?
That they're lying about stuff?
I don't get it.
Two and a half years, that every other weekend I was on the road somewhere giving conferences to chiropractors and acupuncturists and nurse practitioners, a very, very few MDs or DOs that might wander into the mix for two and a half years.
And so every other weekend I would be speaking to groups of 20 to 50, just planting all those seeds and then also talking about their product lines and stuff like that.
She was a salesman.
She was a salesman for a company that benefited from people who didn't want to take vaccines.
And that's not, that's just the way it is.
She's not, doesn't have a message.
What is the message?
That there are alternatives?
That not all of them are safe?
That too many can be bad?
That you shouldn't give them while they're sick?
You should let your family doctor do it?
What is her message?
And so that's kind of how I got started in doing this.
And I was, I wrote manuals and I, there wasn't, there wasn't the, um, there weren't sub stacks or anything like that.
Then there was back in the day when you wrote blogs, you remember that?
And so we did all, so that, and I put together two really thick, like three inch binders of material.
I had, I made a lot of DVDs and, um, that was, um,
DVDs were just getting started after VHS.
Tells you how old I am, right?
And that we had DVDs and we sent them all out and we made, we sold them.
And that was one of the product lines that we were selling.
And, um, one day,
I got a letter in the mail from some gentleman who was a retired from the military.
And he was really, he watched my DVD, it was a three hour DVD called The Risk, The Benefits, and The Choices.
And I went through all the different vaccines at the time, this would have been 2009.
two or three, something like that.
So there are a whole lot more vaccines that are developed since then.
So I went through this whole thing and he wrote me a letter and he said, would you mind if I made copies of your DVD and handed them out?
And I said, well, I do mind because we sell them.
And he said, well, I found it on Google videos.
Don't make copies of my video because I make money from it.
I wouldn't want to save kids for free.
So I went out and looked at Google videos, and it had 57,000 views.
I thought, oh, if I'd had a dollar for each one of those.
Yeah, like I'm doing this as a vocation here.
I'm spending my blood sweat and tears.
Because I had to rent out studios and all those recording things and stuff like that.
Wow.
Oh, that's awesome.
How more and more and more information started to get out there.
And now 25 years in September, it'll be 25 years since I've been doing this.
Wow.
And I still, that's my whole life, you know, because it started, you know, it's like, if I'm not sleeping, I'm generally eating, writing, talking, investigating, researching something about vaccines.
And I really have stuck with it because it's what God told me to do.
You know, in 2002, I was sitting upstairs in my upstairs office.
It was probably two o'clock in the morning.
I remember I was sitting, my desk sat this way, and there was a window that looked out across the street.
And it was snowing, like a little Rockwell moment out there, you know, coming down the street.
And I was looking at information from the CDC's pink book about pertussis.
And this was like the sixth version.
There's now like 20 versions.
And you can't even find the sixth version anymore.
But it said, because people believe that there's a problem with vaccines and there's no syndromes of vaccines, and I'm paraphrasing, they said when a child has a seizure disorder, myoclonic jerks or dies of SIDS,
Parents will blame vaccines, but it was really nothing to do with the vaccine.
It had to do with the defective child.
And I just sat there, just froze.
And I just started sobbing, because I realized that that's truly what they teach physicians.
It's not about all the garbage that's being injected into these little human beings.
It's about the defective child that can't stand up from the assault of all this poison.
And I was just sobbing.
And I just said, Lord, why'd you give me this to do?
Why didn't you give me Tony Robbins go team rah-rah?
I mean, why did you give me this to do?
And I'm just crying and crying.
And I heard him say, I heard a voice out loud and I was the only person in the house out loud say, because you're willing to do the work.
And it's like, I sat there for a second and I kind of looked around and I thought, well, I guess that's what I'm supposed to do.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Um, I've been praying since I was a little boy.
I've never heard a voice.
I've never got an answer.
And anybody that claims to have gotten an answer in a voice that they could hear needs to be one of the humblest people on earth and better have changed everything.
You know, like, like what Alex said, when he, he heard this analogy about the dolphins and it totally changed his paradigm.
If I heard a voice and I attributed it to not to somebody in my head, but to God,
If I heard a voice that I attributed to my Lord and Savior in heaven, my whole life would change forever.
And this woman is telling a story about hearing a voice that she's sure is God, and it hardly even broke her step.
If you hear a voice that you attribute to your Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, and it doesn't change everything about your life, you might be a liar.
So I've never really stopped.
And for the first three years, I was really angry.
I was just, and the first three years I could say, I kept trying to find the house, out loud say, because you're willing to do the work.
And it's like,
I sat there for a second and I kind of looked around and I thought, well, I guess that's what I'm supposed to do.
So I've never really stopped.
And, and for the first three years, I was really angry.
I was just, and the first,
For the first three years, she was really angry.
I don't know.
After praying your whole life and finally getting an answer in the form of verbal communication, I would have thought you'd felt pretty blessed for the rest of your life.
I thought it would have changed everything about who you were because you'd finally have the confidence to know that you were backed up by the divine.
You would feel like a ghost, like a blues brother all by yourself on a mission from God.
but it doesn't really seem to have changed her very much.
First three years, I could say, I kept trying to find the paper, the statement, the something of why we did this.
Why are we injecting all this stuff into kids?
Because we're so afraid of the measles or mumps.
I mean, come on, a chicken pox, really?
And so I, you know,
I have a friend who's kind of come over and visit because I'm still alone and I actually have friends on this earth So I'm gonna cut this a little short.
I apologize ladies and gentlemen That should be over here.
No, this should be over here.
And then this should be over here and then that should be there There was an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality I
And people like Shannon Joy are clowns.
People like Mary Holland are probably military scripted traitors.
She has probably been scripted by the US military or some branch of DOD or DITRA since she started out opposite Paul Offit in 2015.
I think most of the people that worked at CHD minus Laura Bono were probably working for the military.
Maybe many of them are actually connected to the private security company run by Gavin DeBecker,
One of the things that I was trying to say earlier that still strikes me as pretty odd is that after Mary Holland left the campaign and came back to CHD in order to eventually be there to fire me, Bobby went around the United States complaining to everybody that the Biden administration wouldn't give him Secret Service protection.
But Bobby had secret service protection for all of the time that he was at the head of CHD, almost like they were already protecting him like a future presidential candidate before he was ever even declared running for anything.
He's had a private security detail since around the time that they wrote the book in 2008, where they said that he would run as vice president and then get taken by one of the two parties from an independent candidate to a vice presidential candidate.
And yet he still raised money after Trump was elected.
And after he was appointed to HHS, he raised money for the private security that he had to pay for during the fricking campaign.
Bobby Kennedy is a scripted punk and he is probably being run by a military group inside of CHD and inside of Gavin DeBecker associates.
And that's how this was done.
CHD, ICANN, and the rest of these things are all spinoffs from the same basic core group.
Mary Holland, Merrill Nass, Robert Malone, Brian Hooker, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and all the people that imagined that that core group would save the world right after they killed Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker.
These people all knew or don't know that there was an anticipated rise in all cause mortality until I told them.
But I told them that this was sculpted using murder and lies.
I told them that Denny Rancor was put in place to obfuscate that.
I told them that Robert Malone was on this script with all of these people.
And the reason why they ignored me is because they're on the script too.
Because Skyhorse Publishing, Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, and CHD are the heart of the script.
that will forever ignore the lack of antibiotic use, will forever ignore the impact on life expectancy from the opioid pandemic, and will forever, ever, ever ignore the illusion of virology, the illusion of endemicity.
the illusion of the placebo effect versus using a placebo to greatly reduce the damage done by intramuscular injection.
I'm starting to think that the placebo effect is a sort of exaggerated myth as well, which is to make sure that you don't think of the possibility that they have been using placebos across the schedule in order to get to where they are now, where
We are willing to absolutely argue with our children that it's okay that we could give all of the vaccines from the entire schedule in one go, according to Paul Offit.
And of course, nobody's ever going to talk about PCR because PCR is the remnant stream that they created and have maintained for the entire duration of the pandemic.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is for all the marbles.
I'm going to have a beer and rest my voice, which probably needed more rest than I gave it today.
These are the traders, ladies and gentlemen.
This event in Bucharest, Romania was probably the most revealing event in the last five years.
This paper is also pretty revealing.
And my stream and my track record over the last six years is also pretty revealing.
And I'm extremely proud of it.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for understanding that it's gonna take a lot of repetition to get this done, but at least we know what we're repeating.
Thanks very much for being here.
See you again tomorrow.
Ladies and gentlemen, the voice that you've been listening to is that of Jonathan Cooey, Chief Biologist of GigaOM Biological out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can research his past work by looking up CooeyJJ on the National Library of Medicine PubMed website.
You can also buy the book, Wuhan Cover-Up, support the wonderful, traitorous organization, Children Health Defense, and also get a copy of this historical book where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
unwittingly
Forever put Jonathan Cooey into history.
There's my taco buddy.
That's my broken science friend Jay Bhattacharya.
I've got a website that I'm streaming from a couple different ones.
Stream.GigaOM.bio is the real big one.
If you want to find your way around go to GigaOMBiological.com and share that stream because sharing is how this works.
If you want to help me out, that's the best way to do it.
Please, please share.
And if you really are generous enough to try and support my family, even with $10 a month, please go to gigohomebiological.com and find a way to do it.
At there, you can also find all the links that you need to share everything, including stuff.
If you go to stuff tomorrow, there will be probably three new PDFs and we'll start going over the first one, hopefully tomorrow.
Thanks very much for being here.
See you again soon.